https://github.com/redhat-developer/alizer: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/almighty-core: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-labels: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-service: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-ansible: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-api-guidelines: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-cli: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-examples: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-go-linter: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-grafana-dashboards: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-guides: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-openshift-console-plugin: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-renovate-config: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-sdk-core: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-sdk-go: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-sdk-java: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-sdk-js: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-sdk-python: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-teraform-provider: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-tools: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-ui: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-ui-components: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-ui-shared: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-website: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/application-services-metering-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/application-stack-samples: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/blinkr: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/broken-link-checks: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/che-dockerfiles: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/che-functional-tests: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/che-monitoring: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/che-starter: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/che-starter-performance: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/che-vertx-server: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/che-workspace-telemetry-woopra-backend: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/cheat-sheets: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/code.quarkus.redhat.com: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/code.quarkus.redhat.com-release: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/codeready-workspaces-deprecated: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/codeready-workspaces-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/codeready-workspaces-workshop: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/console-gitops-plugin: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/cp-patterns: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/dcp-checker: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/design-manual-proto: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/devconsole-api: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/devconsole-git: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/devconsole-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/developer-cheat-sheets-copy-edits: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/developers.redhat.com: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/developers.redhat.com-email-templates: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/devfile: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/devfile-registry: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/devfile-sample: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/devspaces: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/devspaces-chectl: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/devspaces-images: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/devspaces-jiralint: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/devspaces-python-language-server-cachito: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/devspaces-theia: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/devspaces-vscode-extensions: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/dotnet-bunny: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/dotnet-bunny-log-browser: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/dotnet-jenkins-slave: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/dotnet-regular-tests: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/eclipse-theia: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
 https://github.com/redhat-developer/fus: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/git-service: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/gitops-backend: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/gitops-commit-status: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/gitops-generator: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/gitops-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/gitops-repo-example: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/go-init: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/gulp: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/helm: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/helm-acceptance-testing: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/helm-dump: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/helm-quickstarts: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/helm-repository-service: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/henge: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/intellij-common: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/intellij-common-ui-test-library: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/intellij-dependency-analytics: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/intellij-functions: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/intellij-knative: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/intellij-kubernetes: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/intellij-openshift-connector: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/intellij-quarkus: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/intellij-redhat-telemetry: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/intellij-rsp: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/intellij-tekton: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/introduction-to-eclipse-vertx: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/jenkins-image-builder: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/jenkins-old-community-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/jenkins-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/jenkins-operator-bundle: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/jenkins-operator-docs: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/jenkins-operator-manifests: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/jetbrains-editor-images: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/k8s-kubectl: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/k8s-sidecar: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
 https://github.com/redhat-developer/kam: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/kestrel-linux-transport: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/kubernetes: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/kubernetes-image-puller: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/lab-docker-jboss-eap: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/message-tagging-service: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/microservices-book: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/microservices-by-example-source: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/moksha-monitor-exporter: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/netcoredbg-theia-plugin: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/new-project-template: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/nfs-server: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/observability-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/oc-helm: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
 https://github.com/redhat-developer/odo: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/odo-init-image: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/omnisharp-theia-plugin: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/opencompose: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/opencompose-old: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/openshift-actions: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/openshift-app-services-demos: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/openshift-app-services-demos-1: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/openshift-dd-ext: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/openshift-gitops-getting-started: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/openshift-jenkins-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/openshift-kustomizeconfigs: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/openshift-vsts: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/openshift-web-console-customizations: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/osd-monitor-poc: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/parodos: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/patternfly-elements: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/presentation-recording: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/pysmime: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/quarkus-ls: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/reactive-microservices-in-java: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/redhat-datagrid-tutorials: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/redhat-helm-charts: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/redhat-sso-boms: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/redhat-sso-quickstarts: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/rh-che: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/rhd-article-extras: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/rhd-frontend: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/rhd-performance-tests: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/rhdp-httrack: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/rpm-packaging-guide: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/rsp-client: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/rsp-server: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/rsp-server-community: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/s2i-aspnet-musicstore-ex: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/s2i-dotnetcore: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/s2i-dotnetcore-ex: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/s2i-dotnetcore-persistent-ex: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/sbo-services-investigation: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/service-binding-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/service-binding-operator-helm-chart: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/service-binding-operator-manifests: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/service-endpoint-definition: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/srs-fleet-manager: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/stickers: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/tekton-chatops-example: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/tekton-hub: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/topology-example: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/traefik: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vertx-quickstart-eventbus-msa: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vertx-quickstart-http-msa: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vertx-quickstart-plain: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vertx-quickstart-web: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-commons: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-didact: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-extension-tester: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-java: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-knative: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-kubernetes-tools: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-microprofile: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-openshift-extension-pack: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-openshift-tools: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-project-initializer: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-quarkus: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-redhat-account: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-redhat-telemetry: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-rhoas: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-rsp-ui: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-server-connector: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-server-connector-api: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-tekton: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-wizard: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-xml: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-yaml: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
https://github.com/redhat-developer/web-terminal-exec: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/web-terminal-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/web-terminal-tooling: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/yaml-ast-parser: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:no
https://github.com/redhat-developer/yaml-language-server: CONTRIBUTING.md:yes DCO:yes
